You're doing what you want to do,
like you're ready total,
whoever.
Let's do it.
Yeah.
If you wanted to make a record,
jod be there.
You know what I mean?
That's what I'm saying.
Well lucky for you.
I'm totally talentless and the music department so it's not going to happen.
But now you're such a talent man.
I love like when you and Dominic Cruz are commentating together doesn't get any
better.
Yeah.
I love dom.
He's an awesome man.
He beat the shit out of me a couple of times.
Um,
why did you let him?
Cause he,
you know,
we,
we used to sponsor him a little bit like with famous like you know,
he used to walk out and famous stuff like when UFC wasn't,
they didn't have Reebok gear.
Um,
and he would come down and train,
cause I would train with this one guy Josh over here in Woodland Hills and he
said,
travel,
I'm going to be in town.
I'm going to come train with you.
I was like,
okay,
cool.
Little did I know it'd be dom tossing me around and like,
oh my gosh,
man,
it was so difficult.
But he make you roll with them?
Well now it'd be,
he'd be like,
try to sleep me.
I tried to knock me out today,
so I'm giving my all and,
and you know,
I was using as defense and you know,
when you,
when you actually swinging in the air and you're not landing,
it actually more tiresome than when you're hitting somebody.
So I'm swinging in the air,
he's like on the side of me all of a sudden like,
you know,
he's so quick like with footwork and then I'm wrestled to the ground and it's
just a rap every time and he's so,
so talented.
So yeah,
man,
I love that guy.
He just has the most ridiculous footwork.
His,
his footwork is so unique to him,
to everything he does.
It's got like this weird herky jerky little,
yeah,
he does.
He's probably one of the most unique MMA fighters ever.
I feel like a lot of people have kind of borrowed from his style,
you know,
for sure.
Not to say they didn't make it their own,
but I feel like dom was the first one you saw,
you know,
kind of move like unquestionably.
Yeah.
And that's because of his intelligence,
because he doesn't like getting hit.
He's like,
okay,
I gotta figure out a way to knock it hit so much.
Like what's the best way to not get hit?
And it just came up with,
it's very unorthodox way of moving.
He's a real encyclopedia of information when you start talking to him about
fighting.
Like he's a really enjoy doing commentary with him because he's so insightful.
He's so good at pointing out little areas where he thinks people are making
mistakes or how to capitalize on certain things that people are doing.
Yeah,
I've watched fights with them before and he's,
and he,
he gives a different insight than what I'm seeing.
Yeah,
yeah.
No,
he's great.
Especially when it comes to wrestling clinch work and you know,
and even like weird striking techniques.
I mean,
he's just,
he's so good at be funneling people that he fights with,
with movement and information.
Like he's giving them looks and,
and they're,
they're trying to set up,
you know,
they're standing there trying to set up and they don't know what the fuck he's
doing.
Then they have to reset and they trying to get,
and then he's giving them a different look and standing over here and then he's
in front of it.
Yeah.
It's a trip.
He's great.
Just fucked up his shoulder again man.
I know,
man.
I think he,
he trains so much,
I feel like he just,
you know,
he says not obsessive.
Yeah.
He's a savage.
I mean he,
he got back from knee surgery and he went so hard that he gave himself plantar
fasciitis,
say fucked up the bottom of his feet from running and sprinting and doing all
kinds of crazy shit to get in shape.
And you know,
he got over that and I mean,
he's had so many different surgeries.
Nice.
Miserable.
Have you had that?
No,
I've never had planner.
Oh Man.
I had it on a tour where I would,
I,
I'd get these,
I get these weird kind of things where I have to do a certain thing before I go
on stage.
So one of the things I did on a tour that was,
I don't know,
it was about a four month tour,
is run four to five miles before the show.
And by the,
by the middle of that tour,
I had actually given myself a stress fracture in my foot.
It was terrible.
Did you run on concrete?
Not a treadmill.
Real?
Yeah.
Wow.
Damn Dude.
You sometimes,
sometimes when,
when there was no treadmill,
I just run out in the street,
but I kind of get like that where I just like,
I don't know.
I get obsessive about stuff and I want to,
I want to do it.
I get to kind of,
I throw myself all the way in.